docs: add portal login docs (#16)
speakeasy-api/speakeasy-java-sdk: docs/micronaut.md

        String embedAccessToken=controller.getEmbedAccessToken(filterBuilder.build());

        // build response
}
```

## Portal Login Access Tokens

The Speakeasy SDK can generate access tokens for
our [Developer Portals](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/build-dev-portals/intro)

> that allows your end users to login to your portal and view their API request logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that allows your end users to login to your portal and self service logs, usage and api keys.
```
